(The cameras for video chat are being connected one by one.)
(Members begin to gather in front of their cameras.)
All right.
(Let me see.)
(Is this it?)
(Sae Ho is connected.)
(Se Hyeong is connected.)
(Hello!)
- Se Hyeong. - Hi. Can you hear my voice?
Yes, yes. I can hear you. Can you hear me?
- Hey, Jun Ha! - It worked.
- Hello, Jun Ha. - Hey, Se Hyeong.
- Hi. - My gosh.
- Hello. This is so interesting. - Goodness.
- Hello, Myeong Soo. - Hey.
- Hi. - Hello.
(It's nice to see you.)
- My gosh, it's nice to see you all. - Goodness.
(One by one, members join the video chat.)
- Haha! - Have you been well?
- Haha! - It's great to see you all!
Are you serious? That's so last season.
What's going on? Why isn't Jae Seok online?
What is this? Isn't this working?
Sae Ho, what's the picture behind you?
That photo? That's a photo of myself.
Isn't that a mug shot?
No, it's not.
It's just my photo.
But it looks like you're shirtless in the photo.
Yes, I'm shirtless.
Did you take it at a bathhouse?
No, I took it at a photo studio.
- Hey, Jae Seok! - Jae Seok!
- I'm in now. - Good for you!
Hello.
- Where are you now, Jae Seok? - Gosh.
I'm at home.
I feel like other users are watching my online show.
"Users"? My gosh, that's such an old term!
Sae Ho, why are you wearing a suit?
Why is he in a suit at home?
Anyway, is this how we are going to do the opening segment?
- My gosh. - Don't do that.
- What are you doing? - Come on.
Hey, you ought to wear something entertaining as these pants!
- Are you two serious? - My gosh.
They definitely prepared that.
Dear me. What's up with these two?
- Hey, you. - Cook ramyeon, and eat.
We ought to show the viewers how we eat ramyeon.
Should I do that? Do you want me to eat ramyeon?
- Wait for a moment. - Let's see who makes tastiest one.
- I'll show the highlight of this. - We're cooking all of a sudden?
Hold on.
- I'll cook the best ramyeon. - Are we doing this?
- Hold on. - Why are we cooking ramyeon?
Are we cooking ramyeon now?
Okay, fine. I'll cook it then.
My gosh. Should I at least peel an apple?
Where did they all go? Where are they?
Where did everyone go?
They went to cook. Okay. wait. I'll be back.
(Empty)
What? Where are they?
What happened? No one is here.
Everyone really went to cook ramyeon.
I'm done cooking.
I'm done.
(Sae Ho comes back online with ramyeon.)
(Steaming)
What? You're already done cooking?
- I can't cook, so here's an apple. - Yes, I cooked it.
How could you cook it so quickly? Wait. Let's eat it together.
(Slurping)
My gosh, you make it look so delicious. You're good at this.
(Sucking in)
(Feeling proud)
My laptop. The soup splattered all over my laptop. This is bad.
(Meanwhile, Haha and Jae Seok finish cooking ramyeon too.)
- Jae Seok. - Where did you all go?
They went to make ramyeon. I finished cooking.
Se Hyeong, are you eating now?
(Put a piece of dried laver on top of ramyeon.)
(Wrap the noodles with the dried laver.)
Se Hyeong.
Why are you eating with dried laver?
Actually, ramyeon is good with dried lavers.
Yes, it's good.
(It's the tastiest!)
I added dried pollack and Cheongyang chili pepper.
I'll eat it with kimchi like this.
(Gorging on ramyeon)
(He's stuffing his face with ramyeon.)
(Blowing)
I'll eat it like Ha Jung Woo.
(He can't get enough of ramyeon.)
(The best part of ramyeon is drinking the soup.)
(By the way, one member still hasn't come back.)
(I'm done.)
Gosh, it was good.
(They finish eating ramyeon.)
What? What's happening?
(Puzzled)
Wait. Are you guys all done?
- Of course. - We finished eating.
- We are done. - I just brought mine.
- I finished mine. - Eat by yourself.
We're sorry, but we're already done.
Even so. Take a look at mine.
- I worked hard to cook this. - My gosh, what's that?
Finish it within 30 seconds.
But jjajang ramyeon at night is really delicious.
It actually looks delicious.
Gosh, that looks really good.
(I am...)
(the original foodie on TV.)
(He finishes it in four bites.)
(Amazing!)
By the way, what are we doing today?
Yes, what are we doing today?
He wasn't online.
- He's here. - Hello!
- That's Tae Ho. Look at his hair. - He dyed his hair!
- What happened? - Hello.
- He looks like the guy in AKMU. - What's up with him?
Isn't he in AKMU?
(Make no mistake. They are two different people.)
- I look like Andy Warhol. - You look like Jet Li.
Why are we video chatting?
- The cold wave hit Korea. - I see. Because it's cold?
So you'll be working from home.
I thought we could do our opening segment like this.
Were you trying to look out for us?
- We won't be shooting now. - Thank you.
We are going to randomly visit each member starting tomorrow.
(They plan to make surprise visits.)
This week's special is An Hour Before.
In the other episode, Myeong Soo claimed that...
confidence is more important than effort.
- Yes, I did. - Right.
So we're doing a special where only your confidence matters.
- Regardless of your place... - What?
and situation,
you will be placed under a situation an hour before the task.
We are going to check if you can adapt to any given circumstances...
- and carry out your task. - That was Myeong Soo's claim.
- We didn't say that. - Exactly!
Why are you holding us responsible for that?
We can stop a war within an hour. What are you talking about?
They were generous to give us an hour.
Then we'll only have an hour before whatever the task we get.
- Send Myeong Soo back to the army. - Yes, let's do that.
He ought to do a march.
Victory! Yes, I can! I can totally go back.
I want Se Hyeong to teach middle schoolers Korean history.
(He gets the chills.)
He won't be able to teach.
Sing at the birthday parties.
Haha should go to the parties and do the juggling tricks.
Sleep tight.
- I'll see you all soon. - Are you serious?
My goodness!
(Feeling lost)
Okay. Everyone, bye.
- Bye, bye! - Come on.
- We don't use that anymore. - I love you all.
- Bye. - Goodbye.
(They'll be put in a situation with no information an hour earlier.)
(The task will be revealed an hour before it happens.)
(Whatever unfolds before their eyes,)
(they cannot be thrown back and must adapt to the situation.)
(They are given only 1 hour.)
(1 Hour Before)
- Can I do this? - Yes.
(They gather again a few days later.)
- I'm sitting next to you today. - Sure, sure.
What must I do to get that spot?
My gosh, I don't feel comfortable sitting next to him.
Goodness, being the second host today is nerve-wracking.
- I'll start now. - Okay.
Viewers,
- Hello. This is Infinite... - Hello.
- Challenge! - Challenge!
- We did our opening segment... - Right.
- through the video chat. - It was lovely.
- It was, wasn't it? - Yes, it was.
- We ate ramyeon during the chat. - Right.
It's been a while since I had...
- such tasty ramyeon. - It's because...
all of us ate at the same time. It felt like we were having a meal.
Now, I can understand why...
- people watch others eat. - I agree.
- I had to eat ramyeon that day. - Jjajangmyeon was really good.
- Right. Gosh. - I really wanted to eat yours.
But you guys can't wipe off the signs of being old men.
You didn't know that you could also chat by typing too, right?
- No one knew, right? - What? Where was that?
- Did you type in something? - I typed, but no one saw it.
- I was the only one typing. - Where was it though?
- It was on the lower left corner. - I did see the screen for that.
- Se Hyeong is certainly tech-savvy. - I didn't see that.
- At this point... - What are you talking about?
(That's nonsense.)
- You're an early adopter, you know? - No, he's not.
- Early adoptern. - No, it's not.
(Of course, I know.)
- "Early adoptern"? - Do you not know?
(Something is off.)
- Do you know the term or not? - "Early adoptern"?
What does that mean?
- What does that mean? - Doesn't it mean I'm an expert?
My gosh, it refers to people who know...
- He's charming in his own way. - their way around electronics.
And they're the first people to use the newest gadgets.
Well, that term doesn't really play a big role in my life.
I only memorize things that are integral in my life.
- His ego is slightly bruised. - I know.
- He seems slightly hurt. - No, no. Not at all.
Not at all.
Anyway, I wondered what "An Hour Before" meant.
- They told me nothing on the way. - Right, right.
They didn't even answer my questions. It was so frustrating.
It was hard to stay there by myself.
Let's find out where we all went.
- We'll check out the clips now. - Okay.
Let's take a look at the VCR!
We don't use video cassette recorders now.
(The next day morning, at Jae Seok's house)
- Wait, this is... - Yes, it's my house.
(The staff members give him a surprise visit.)
- I didn't know anything then. - Hello.
Hello.
Did you have a good night's sleep?
I wouldn't call it that. I just slept for a few hours.
You are heading somewhere now.
Where?
You can get on the van and find out once you get there.
Why are you not telling me where I'm going?
- First off... - I only know I have an hour.
No one will know.
Which one? Do I get on that one?
- Yes. - Okay.
(They've covered the windows.)
What is this?
(Before he knows it, the door is shut.)
What's going on?
(In an instant, Jae Seok is taken.)
- My gosh, where are we going? - Even the driver didn't talk much.
Excuse me. Is anyone there? Sir?
I'm the only one here.
Sir, where are we headed?
I'm just driving to a place they told me to go.
So where is that place?
I'm just following the instruction.
Wait. Please don't answer my questions like you're an AI.
Please give me some hints, sir.
I'm in the dark as much as you.
This is driving me crazy.
(The day the cold wave hit, at Sae Ho's house)
I started really early in the morning.
- I started around 5am. - Hello.
Is this the car? Infinite Challenge!
I always wanted to do this.
(Feeling embarrassed)
Is it this van?
- Please get on the van. - Should I do that?
What?
- What is this? - The windows were covered well.
I couldn't see anything.
It was so dark...
that I thought someone was already in the van.
What is this?
This is incredible. The van is moving.
Where am I going?
Sir, where are we going?
This is driving me crazy.
(His driver exercises his right to remain silent.)
This is scary. No one is here.
(He loses his mind.)
What is going on?
- Hello. - It's so early in the morning.
- What is going on? - Where am I going?
- Please get on the van. - They came out of their houses.
Will I find people in black suits inside?
What is this? Gosh, that startled me.
Please don't do things like this.
What is this? Is someone inside?
Jae Seok is inside, right? Jae Seok.
(He is inside a different van.)
Sir, please tell me this. Will it take long to reach there?
I don't know.
(He is still struggling with the AI.)
It's moving.
Where am I going?
Gosh, I am so curious.
(He gives up quickly and deeply falls asleep.)
Where am I going at 5:30am?
There is no one to ask.
- Are the members moving separately? - There is no one.
They covered the windows thoroughly.
(The beginning of the mission approaches.)
This is driving me crazy.
(1 Hour Before)
- What is this? - I think it's Haha's van.
I think that's my van.
(Where am I going?)
This is suffocating.
It's suffocating to have no one to talk to.
(He gives up quickly.)
(He falls asleep.)
(Meanwhile, the van leaves Seoul.)
- Where is it going? - It's going far.
It went very far.
I slept well.
(He sleeps well thanks to his small stature.)
(The van crosses the mountain and river.)
(He arrives at a mysterious place.)
Haha, you have arrived.
(Startled)
If you put on a blindfold in front,
we will guide you.
Hold on.
(A headset that plays music and a blindfold)
(He goes out with his eyes and ears covered.)
(He walks carefully with the staff's help.)
I can't see anything. Hold on.
(Holding hands)
You copied Oh Hyuk's style.
- I was Oh Hyuk that day. - You were, right?
- You were helped like a grandpa. - I could hear babies.
What is this?
(He becomes suspicious of the stairs.)
What could this be? It's driving me crazy.
This is driving me crazy.
(The grandpa is full of worries.)
Are there more stairs?
(He holds onto his grandson and moves forward.)
Why do I look so sick?
- What's wrong with him? - I look sick.
It's all about confidence.
Like Myeong Soo said, it's all about confidence.
I will win.
Are we going?
Is the ground flat?
(He walks into a mysterious building.)
(The room is quiet.)
I smell food.
(Sniffing)
(He gets dragged away.)
I smell jeon. Am I wrong?
(He makes guesses with his nose.)
(Where is he?)
What is going on?
(The headset is removed first.)
(What is going on?)
Please remove your blindfold.
(Haha finally removes his blindfold.)
(What is the situation in front of him?)
(My goodness.)
- Please give him a big hand. - No way. Did that really happen?
No way.
- I had no idea. - This isn't an hour before.
I was so surprised.
Please take good care of him.
Look behind you.
(Is there anyone behind me?)
Haha from Infinite Challenge came.
(He bows awkwardly.)
Only the oldest daughter knew. The rest of the family didn't.
She applied for this, right?
(Haha. Haha.)
Hello, ma'am.
(He bows first.)
Is it your birthday?
When I turned around, I saw the signs in Chinese letters.
I couldn't read them.
"The 70th birthday party".
It's her 70th birthday party.
My goodness.
(A few weeks ago, the production crew found out...)
(that Haha hosted a birthday party.)
What are you talking about?
(It was further reported that Haha rides a unicycle and juggles.)
I will really go.
I will really go to a birthday party.
(Is he here to give a performance?)
Where am I?
- Chuncheon. - Chuncheon?
He went all the way to Chuncheon.
- You had no idea where you were at. - I had no idea.
Haha, it's an hour before your performance to celebrate...
Ms. Hong Young Ja's 70th birthday party.
(It's an hour before.)
This is hilarious.
(A performance for the 70th birthday party)
(1 Hour before)
My goodness.
She is looking forward to it.
(What should I do?)
Please give him a big hand again.
Don't look at me.
It's so embarrassing.
- It's nice to meet you. - It's nice to meet you.
Please cheer for him.
What is this?
(He is under a lot of pressure.)
How am I supposed to give a performance by myself?
For goodness' sake.
(He collapses.)
- I was under a lot of pressure. - That's...
It's a celebration that will become a special memory of her life.
- That's right. - If Haha doesn't do well,
- people will remember. - He needs to do well.
(His feet are heavy due to pressure.)
Her grandson will play the clarinet,
so there will be a competition.
(Laughing)
I mean...
I have never given a performance at a birthday party.
For goodness' sake.
I can't ride this.
(A unicycle for his performance)
(Juggling balls and balloons)
This is too much.
I can't believe it.
(Sighing)
(He gets on the unicycle.)
There is no brake.
(Struggling)
(Shaking)
What's wrong with my face?
You are so ugly.
- What's wrong with it? - What's wrong with your face?
(He struggles with a unicycle.)
(I am doomed.)
I have never given a performance at a birthday party.
(The 70th birthday party begins at the hall.)
Happy birthday to you
- The atmosphere is serene... - Yes. It's calm.
and reverent.
For goodness' sake!
Give me someone.
Why don't you call and see if anyone is around?
I don't know anyone in Chuncheon!
How about Skull?
Hey!
(He makes an SOS call to his best friend, Skull.)
This is driving me crazy.
- Hello. - You picked up. Hello.
- Hello. - Where are you?
I am on my way to Busan in a train.
- Busan? - Yes.
(No.)
(Ms. Hong Young Ja reads her letter this time.)
(The heartwarming mood fills the room.)
(He doesn't know what to do.)
What should I do?
Hold on. Should I sing "Love" by Na Hoon A?
Which song should I sing?
Let's pick a song first.
I will definitely sing a song.
Which song should I sing? Which song do I know?
What's her name?
- Ms. Hong Young Ja. - Ms. Hong Young Ja.
Young Ja
My love, Young Ja
Young Ja, Young Ja, Young Ja
(What am I doing?)
The outfit at the back is really funny to me.
What is this?
Do you want me to wear this?
(It's a costume specially prepared for a little man.)
For goodness' sake!
This is too embarrassing!
This isn't even funny.
My face will go red,
and my heart will pound.
(A calm performance will soothe his heart.)
That was the atmosphere.
I had to perform in that atmosphere.
(Her grandchildren create a serene harmony.)
It's lovely.
How am I supposed to do this alone?
This is embarrassing.
(He hangs his head.)
This is driving me crazy.
I am going insane.
It would be better if someone teaches me the know-how.
I don't even have a guide.
There is a staff member who can do balloon art.
Really?
(A staff member who knows balloon art helps him.)
(He teaches Haha how to make a balloon animal.)
My goodness.
It's a flower, right?
It's a dog.
Do you know how to make a flower?
(You can't make a dog at a birthday party.)
I can only make a dog.
Is it because it's the year of the dog?
You can only make a dog.
For Ms. Hong Young Ja...
(Working hard)
(He is determined to make her a pretty balloon.)
My goodness.
It was hard to tie it.
It takes skills.
I don't even have long nails.
(He struggles to make a balloon when he has no time.)
I won't do it!
(He explodes.)
(I'm done for.)
Tae Ho!
How can I do this all by myself?
(They're singing together here.)
It's a very reverent party.
(They are all singing the song "Mother's Kindness" together.)
(Let's try this again.)
(Sucking up air)
(He's learning to blow balloons so that he can do more things.)
(The 70th birthday party is becoming more exciting...)
(with the grandchildren singing musical numbers.)
Hello, this is Haha. Welcome to Ms. Hong's...
(He even changed his clothes for practice.)
When she tells me what she likes...
(Crying)
(Where am I? What am I doing?)
(It's dance time.)
(Adorable)
(Thanks to the family members who are so talented...)
They are all good at singing.
(The audience are getting more excited.)
(5 minutes before the 70th birthday show)
I feel more nervous than I was before the music festival.
I'm not sure if I should say this,
but I'm in love with someone.
(Haha is doing his best to prepare until the last minute.)
(With Ms. Hong's song,)
(the prearranged main events are over.)
I just need to show that I'm sincere.
(It's time for Haha's special show.)
I nearly died there.
I really wanted to run away.
Haha is ready now.
He's ready for his show.
- Please give him a big hand. - I'll go in now.
(It's Ms. Hong's one and only 70th birthday party.)
(He needs to entertain her in every possible way.)
(The special 70th birthday party show starts!)
He brought the unicycle with him.
There was nothing much for me to lean on.
The unicycle was like Skull to me.
I'd like to officially introduce myself.
I'm Haha,
and I've come here to celebrate the 70th birthday...
of Chuncheon's goddess, Chuncheon's Seol Hyun,
Ms. Hong Young Ja. Nice to meet you!
Make some noise!
Your lines are...
We need to practice something. It's not that difficult.
Young Ja
(He arranged his own song, "Rosa", into a new song, "Young Ja".)
When I hand you over the microphone...
(He's going to make them chant Ms. Hong's name.)
Let's go!
Ms. Hong, happy birthday.
- Thank you. - MR volume up.
Put your hands up in the air!
(Are you in your right mind?)
Turn off the TV! I'll give you money.
I'll pay you. Turn it off.
- How much are you giving? - I'll give you the money!
Put your hands in the air.
Chuncheon, let's put out hands up in the sky.
- Don't do this to me. - I can't watch.
Why are you asking Ms. Hong to put her hands up?
(He starts excitedly after telling them to put their hands up.)
Say Young Ja!
- Young Ja, Young Ja, Young Ja. - I'll do whatever you say!
- Young Ja, Young Ja, Young Ja. - Turn it off now! Please!
(Chanting Young Ja has made everyone excited.)
(Young Ja, Young Ja)
(It's as if he's in a housewife singing class.)
Come on.
(I want to have curry today)
(What?)
(He doesn't know what to do with his hands.)
(The reggae beat is difficult to follow.)
Please turn this video off!
(He's using his husky reggae voice to change the mood.)
(But they can't get used to its beat.)
(They are losing interest.)
(Following)
(Dancing)
Thank you, kids. Thank you.
(He's suddenly overcome with shame.)
(The mood has changed.)
(She's happy too.)
(He gained confidence thanks to them.)
Say "Young Ja". Follow me.
(He's in a trance.)
(Chuckling)
I'm going to this table now.
(My love, Young Ja.)
(Dancing)
(They're changing reggae beat to Jajinmori tempo.)
Stand up, everyone.
I'm not going to watch this anymore.
Gosh, it's driving me crazy.
(They're all dancing together like a windscreen wiper.)
Come on, everyone!
Thank you.
(The "Young Ja" performance was successful.)
If you'd like to congratulate Ms. Hong on her 70th birthday...
(His voice is hoarse.)
(Glancing)
(Yes.)
Make some noise!
(Before he starts, he lifts up the mood.)
(He makes a show of balloon blowing while flapping his coat.)
(He makes a dog out of a balloon which he learned an hour ago.)
(Hitting him in the face)
(Begging for response)
(They're scared that the balloon might burst.)
(Concentrating)
(He barely manages to make one after squeezing it like laundry.)
I'd like to give you this pink dog.
- Thank you. - You're welcome.
(Hugging)
Give her a big hand.
(If it gets a little quiet, he tries his best to lift up the mood.)
Happy birthday.
Happy birthday, ma'am.
Thank you.
(She shyly takes a photo.)
(Laughing)
Is that what her face expression was like?
I'd like to congratulate you. There's one last thing I prepared.
(He's the celebrity that said he'd never go to birthday parties.)
If I can come here again 10 years later,
I'd come celebrate your 80th birthday party.
(He sings Na Hoon A's "Love" as his final performance.)
(His voice is as thick as makgeolli.)
(Standing up)
I can't do this one.
(To continue the good mood, he dances with her.)
You can take photos.
(He's smooth.)
- You look great. - Yes.
(Smiling)
(They take pictures of this special fan service.)
(They cheer for him passionately with their little hands.)
(Everyone's enjoying the song comfortably.)
Let's sing "My Young Ja" together.
(He finishes off with a graceful chorus.)
Happy birthday!
Thank you.
- The ending was great. - It was.
That's the voice he uses...
to bright up the mood.
(Screaming)
Balloon! Balloon!
- Balloons! - Balloons!
If you want dogs made out of a balloon for souvenir,
- I'll be making more at the corner. - I want one!
All right. I'll make you one.
Happy birthday again, ma'am.
(She has a meaningful look.)
I told you, but...
(He exits after getting all his props.)
- He brought a unicycle. - Why did he bring that?
It's like a bag to me.
It's like a handbag.
I want one!
- Balloons! - Balloons!
(The woman gets up from her seat.)
(Taking the microphone)
(She fills the stage that Haha had left.)
(She has flashy gestures, just like Messi's dribbles.)
(But why are people leaving their seats?)
(They're heading towards Haha in the corner.)
(He's gotten all the attention by taking photos.)
(Glancing)
(Her soulfulness has crossed the red line.)
(But the audience doesn't come back.)
(So she decides to go on a tour around the room.)
(She uses her special explosive singing technique.)
She was my rival.
(They come back after she uses her special technique.)
(She's even drawing notes with her body.)
(She's no joke.)
- You're really six years old? - Yes, I am.
You're the same age as my son.
I'm six too.
- I want one too. - You're four years old?
No, I'm five years old.
Make me the same thing.
- White? Pink? Here. - Yes.
- This is a gift for you. - Thank you. Thank you.
I'll keep this. Thank you. Happy New Year.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
(Haha's special performance will be remembered by Ms. Hong too.)
It was meaningful.
It felt somehow moving.
(What is this?)
Happy birthday.
(He's saying that to the wall.)
Yes.
(It's a towel to celebrate her 70th birthday.)
Swagger.
(Go Hee swagger)
I'll always keep this in my car.
Take care of yourself, Ms. Hong.
Thank you for the special memory.
I remember being frustrated when I had to wear this.
That was so meaningful. I mean it.
(He thought that was meaningful.)
That wasn't easy.
- Right. - Good work.
You did well.
Mrs. Hong was so happy...
that you came.
That must have been unforgettable for her.
I wish the best for her. Congratulations again.
Let's continue watching the screen.
Start the video, Jun Ha.
Start the video
- He actually did it. - Good job.
(Se Hyeong falls asleep.)
(Gimpo Airport)
How can he fall asleep? I wasn't sleepy.
(It's an international flight.)
(He looks creepy.)
We're here.
Put on the blindfold and the headphones.
That sounds scary.
(The reality sets into him now.)
He's acting like that since it's about time he arrives.
- Doesn't that suit me well? - That's your problem.
You're full of swag.
Okay.
(He arrives at Gimpo Airport.)
If there are stairs, please tell me.
If there are stairs, give me a tap.
(He must have eyes on his hands.)
What's this?
That was a bump. You should have told me.
Too late.
See? You should have told me. That was dangerous.
- That was a bump. - He's such a coward.
- He's a turtle? - He's a coward.
I'm like that too.
He's being dragged for so long.
I know why you're doing that. You don't want to...
- bump into anything. - That's right.
(It's about time.)
What's this?
What was that?
(Exclaiming)
(He can feel objects from afar.)
What's this?
(He's curious.)
subtitles ripped and synced by riri13
It's ridiculous.
It's true.
- This is so real. - Right.
- It's ridiculous. - This is so real.
- It's true. - Why are we at the airport?
- Where did you think you were? - How did you feel in the beginning?
I had no idea. "Why am I at the airport?"
Did you think you were going somewhere?
No, not at all. I didn't know why I was there.
Why are we at the airport?
That's a genuine reaction.
- It's the manager. - He's the manager at the airline.
Crew member Yang Se Hyeong, we're two hours before...
- leaving for Ho Chi Minh City. - Where?
- Ho Chi Minh City. - Ho Chi Minh City?
I'll give you a dollar. Please give me a second.
Please hold on a moment. It'll be quick.
What an experience.
(2 hours before...)
(departure to Ho Chi Minh City)
Other members gathered an hour before,
but for safety education, we got here two hours before.
What about my passport?
Here it is.
(No way.)
- I thought they were still lying. - Your uniform is in the luggage.
I thought...
- it was a prank. - Really? I'm going to Ho Chi Minh?
That was unexpected.
- Should I change? - Yes.
(He puts on his uniform.)
It feels different when you put on the uniform.
(He's excited to work like Leonardo DiCaprio.)
That looks good. Not so much.
It suits you.
I thought he was a kid.
You can try out different jobs at this center.
- That's right. - Hello.
- You can experience different jobs. - My son loves it.
(They are busy...)
(ensuring the safety of flights.)
- Should I sit here? - Yes.
I'm Manager Lee Yun Seok. Nice to meet you.
- Hello. - Hello.
- Nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you.
Let's check the compulsory items.
The most important is your passport. Check your own.
The announcement manual, crew operation manual...
What are those?
This is the announcement manual.
You can read from there when you make announcements.
(Let's memorize this.)
The red book is the crew operation manual.
- Crew operation manual? - Yes.
This is the manual...
about service and safety. We checked those.
I'll assign your duties.
When we are on flight, we're in charge of different doors.
Se Hyeong, you can be in charge of the back.
- Ms. Hong... - They didn't take one person out.
- I was added onto the team. - Right.
All right.
When we are departing and landing, we sit on the jump seats...
and do a 30-second review.
That's when we remind ourselves of the procedures.
There are turbulences in certain areas.
There's so much English.
Are you doing that on purpose or is this normal?
It's half-Korean and half-English.
- Normally? - Yes.
Please summarize our flight information.
We're arriving at 1am locally. That's 3am in Incheon.
The flight is full, and our flight number is 8263.
The gate number is 33.
- Hello. - Hello.
- Let's have a debriefing. - Yes, sir.
The flight is 4703. The duration is 5 hours and 30 minutes.
From 2 hours and 30 minutes to 3 hours and 30 minutes,
there will be a turbulence for an hour.
- You know that beforehand? - Yes, we do.
Good luck today.
Thank you. I'll try my best.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
(1 hour before departure)
I'm going to Vietnam all of a sudden.
(His manager sees him off.)
Bye.
This isn't good.
(They move to Incheon Airport.)
Do the customers know that I'm coming?
- No. - Not at all.
Really?
(He starts to feel the pressure.)
This is driving me nuts.
I'll try my best so that I don't cause any trouble.
- It's okay. - I mean it.
(Take me with you.)
It looks like they're going somewhere in school uniforms.
(Designated entrance)
- Don't say that. - You look cute.
- Haha. - I think you look cute.
(It's almost time for departure.)
(50 minutes before departure)
Is this a role-playing facility?
- No? - It's for adults.
The plane doesn't fly. You're just inside.
Where's your teacher?
(They're busy doing a flight inspection.)
You cannot go through the back...
(They're busy with their respective duties.)
Is there anything I can do?
Excuse me.
(He sits down.)
I didn't do any safety duties. It was all service duties.
I'm in trouble.
The customers will check in now.
It'll feel real once the customers come in.
Did you still think it was a prank?
Once I got on the flight, I knew it was real.
I had to check in.
What do I do here?
You two will check the boarding passes.
- With her? - Yes, stay on this side.
- Do I say hi first? - Yes, "hello".
"Hello"?
- Smile. - "May I check your tickets?"
"We're checking the boarding passes. Please have them ready."
- They'll take them out. - "May I check your boarding pass?"
The seat numbers are written in big letters but don't look at that.
Check the date and the flight number on top.
Flight number 4703 is ready to board.
Please take your positions.
Please try your best.
(He still can't believe he's doing this.)
I'm so nervous.
- Excuse me. - Sure. Thank you.
Sorry.
Your cologne smells great.
You have to say things like that.
May I have some?
- Sure. - It's important.
Thank you. That's enough.
Thank you.
(He gains confidence through the cologne.)
That's good.
(What is Se Hyeong's fate?)
You're so calm.
- I know I have no choice. - Right.
It's so absurd.
- I was speechless. - I wouldn't have reacted that way.
(The passengers are boarding.)
Get ready.
(He smiles widely.)
I'm smiling.
- Hello. - Hello.
"Hello".
Se Hyeong is good at greeting people.
Hello.
(He's nervous.)
May I see your boarding pass, madam?
(May I see your boarding pass?)
Please sit in your designated seats.
- Ticket please. - Boarding pass, madam.
(Boring pass, madam?)
- Boring? - I was nervous.
Thank you.
There are many foreigners going to Ho Chi Minh City.
(I used my brain too much.)
Please sit in the front.
How many more people?
10 people boarded. There are 180 people left.
Okay. I can keep going.
(Smiling)
- Nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you.
- Hello. - Are you Yang Se Body?
- Yes. - Yang Se Body.
Hello.
Thank you.
"Thank you."
- He's good. - Thank you.
I didn't think about the cameras.
The overhead compartments are open.
We have to close them.
- As we go by? - Yes.
If you do this, it makes too much noise.
- Like this? - Yes.
Slightly.
(This is so meaningful.)
- See? I am smiling. - Right.
I keep smiling.
You didn't care about the cameras?
You're facing the camera.
- There were passengers, - Okay.
so I kept on smiling.
The camera is so obvious.
No way.
(He looks around the working space.)
(It's 10 minutes before the takeoff.)
Welcome aboard.
All your electronic...
devices can be used...
Will you be making the announcement?
Yes. I have to do it later.
- My goodness. - That's incredible.
That's insane.
My goodness.
It goes like this, right? "Ladies and gentlemen..."
- It's difficult to read it. - I know.
The pronunciation matters.
(Se Hyeong has the most difficult task.)
(Other flight attendants are giving safety instructions.)
(He continues to practice.)
Purchase...
- Purchase. - Purchase.
Let me write down the pronunciation.
Pur... What is it?
Purchase.
(It looks like he came to the company to learn.)
Okay.
(Study materials are the best.)
(He looks like a Japanese boy.)
Do you have to do it in Japanese as well?
I learned later...
- that I don't have to. - Really?
You don't need it on a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Why would you speak Japanese when you are going to Vietnam?
We will be taking off shortly.
For your safety, please fasten your seat belt.
Please fasten your seat belt.
We are having all kinds of shoots.
(He is speechless.)
Seriously.
For the safe takeoff,
we will dim the cabin lights.
Ladies and gentlemen.
(He twists his tongue.)
(He reads out loud when everyone else is quiet.)
(He's eager to learn.)
Are you sure you didn't do that for the shoot?
Who does that?
- Look at his eyebrows. - Look at his eyebrows.
It's obvious you did it for the shoot.
Don't say that.
I did my best...
- not to be a burden. - I can see that.
We will be taking off shortly.
(It's the last announcement before the takeoff.)
Here we go.
(He becomes curious...)
(of what the other flight attendants are doing.)
(2 hours pass by quickly.)
(1 Hour Before starts.)
(The flight will take about 5 hours and 30 minutes.)
(Ringing)
When you hear that sound, you can take off your seat belt.
(Waddling)
Hello, I am the flight attendant, Yang Se Hyeong. Nice to meet you.
Well,
I will try my best to make your trip enjoyable and comfortable.
I ask for your understanding. Thank you.
- "Thank you." - "Thank you."
Thank you.
I will go to you...
if you want pictures.
Feel free to ask.
It's good that you are friendly, but...
- It's excessive. - It's...
Isn't it excessive?
My voice came out better when I held it close to my ear.
I do that when I answer Producer Kim Tae Ho's call.
"Hello."
(Laughing)
- Please take them down the aisle. - Okay.
Please do it slowly and carefully.
(He looks like he is on his mom's errand.)
- Would you like some water? - Thank you.
Thank you.
Would you like some water?
(He is giving out water before the passengers ask.)
Thank you.
(He is busy.)
I want more water.
I will bring more water.
I will bring more water right away.
- I would like a cup too. - I will be there shortly.
- Se Hyeong, - Yes.
please make the announcement for the air-cafe...
- so that we can begin. - Should I do it now? Okay.
- Should I do it now? - There he goes.
It's a crisis.
- Is the announcement in English? - Yes.
I do it in Korean first.
Ladies and gentlemen,
our air-cafe service will now begin.
Please contact our cabin crew...
if you would like to purchase air-cafe items.
Ladies and gentlemen.
(The English version begins.)
(190 people are listening to Se Hyeong speaking English.)
If you would like to purchase air-cafe items.
- He is so annoying. - He is so annoying.
- He is so annoying. - Hey. Hey.
For goodness' sake.
(You are making a fool of yourself.)
(He is twisting his tongue...)
(to the best of his abilities.)
(What is he saying?)
He wants to do well.
It's all about the rhythm.
She copied your hand gesture.
(Rhythm? Check!)
(Shall we become one in rhythm?)
Why did you put that clip in?
(What is Moon Vok doing there?)
Korean top class
Ladies and gentlemen.
Fabulous turbulence
Our air-cafe service will now begin.
Thank you.
That's Moon Vok's legendary video.
This is driving me crazy.
(He sells the items after making the announcement.)
We are passing through.
(Nervous)
That was really hard.
You had to move carefully down the narrow aisle.
You had to receive payment too.
I had to do that...
and go to take water.
Four cup noodles.
He is sleeping.
- What? - He is sleeping.
(Are there 4 people in the party?)
My wallet is in the overhead bin.
Would you like 3 or 4 cup noodles?
- 4 cup noodles. - 4 cup noodles.
He is sleeping.
- Is he sleeping? - Then give us three cup noodles.
Order four cup noodles. We can wake him up later.
Four cup noodles? Will you pay by card? Please wait.
(His senior stays by his side.)
She is keeping an eye on him.
- She helped me tremendously. - I know.
You can tell another cabin crew.
Make sure you show this receipt.
Please be careful. They are hot.
Give them to me.
(She delivers the cup noodles in case Se Hyeong spills them.)
(3 cans of beer)
Three?
That's perfect.
"That's perfect"?
Flight attendants don't say that.
To prepare cup noodles, you have to move back and forth.
- Beer is right in the cart. - That's perfect.
I only had to type the number in.
Let's see.
(He gets better...)
(before he falters.)
I am sorry.
That must've been difficult.
(It's not easy.)
Of course, it's hard.
Please pick a card.
- One person will pay the bill. - Yes.
I will pay with this card.
(He offers a bit of entertainment as service.)
I don't know what I am doing.
(He talks to the passengers.)
Please enjoy.
(Passengers cheer him up.)
I want to be a passenger of a plane he works in.
"Hello."
(He is proud of himself.)
When he gets off the flight,
Haha should throw him a party.
(Haha should throw him a party.)
This is like "Life Experience".
It's like a battlefield.
(He is preparing for another announcement.)
Inchulding?
(Is that an English word?)
(Inchulding)
- Including. - "Inchulding"?
- "Inchulding". - You saw it as the letter "H".
My goodness.
- Anyone can be confused. - "Inchulding".
(He pretends like he knew.)
An electronic cigarette is prohibited...
on the entire aircraft at all times.
Since some passengers were sleeping,
- I had to speak quietly. - You had to speak quietly.
Quietly.
I was instructed.
Thank you for your cooperation.
(Don't be satisfied by that.)
(The lights are turned off.)
- Now, you can rest. - Yes.
- That looks delicious. - To be honest,
I am the most curious about this time.
I wonder, "What are the flight attendants doing?"
This is honestly so exhausting.
It's hard, right?
I only thought of this occupation...
as something fancy.
I didn't know it would be this hard.
I thought to myself,
"Why can't everyone just sleep?"
(I can't.)
Someone pushed the call button.
You are right.
- Do most people request water? - Yes.
- I see. - Most people...
wake up in the middle of sleep...
and call us for water.
Ask the passenger if he or she needs anything...
and give water.
(If the passenger requests water, provide it right away.)
Excuse me.
(He passes by the passenger.)
(No, no.)
(A senior flight attendant goes to help.)
Where is it?
This is the flight attendant call button.
- Did you press the button? - Yes. Three cups of water, please.
Thank you.
The passenger requested water.
- They were right. - They knew right away.
They were right.
There are so many things to do.
Seriously.
They are the moms of the plane.
They are very professional.
(Sighing)
(Se Hyeong finally gets some rest.)
Ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain speaking.
I hope you had a pleasant flight.
We will be landing shortly at Tan Son Nhat International Airport.
(They arrive when he just sat down to rest.)
I am in Vietnam.
My goodness.
(Ho Chi Minh City)
(The passengers who flew for 5 hours and 50 minutes leave.)
(They have a safety check after the landing.)
Our work is complete.
Oh, yes.
(He exits proudly.)
Thank you for your hard work.
Thank you.
- You did a good job. - The little flight attendant.
- You worked hard. - The temperature is different.
The little flight attendant.
- The little flight attendant. - Thank you for your hard work.
(The little flight attendant's mission ends.)
It's Vietnam.
(He arrives in Vietnam.)
People are in short sleeves.
(What do I do now?)
(Laughing)
(You must eat pho when you are in Vietnam.)
It looks delicious.
It was really delicious.
The soup was 10 times richer...
than that of the pho we get here.
(Impressed)
(The boy who was left alone...)
(emptied a bowl of pho.)
It's delicious. What is this?
(Then he returned to Korea after three hours.)
(1 Hour Before)
The temperature was very different.
In Seoul, it was minus 16 degrees Celsius.
In Ho Chi Minh City, it was 30 degrees Celsius.
There was a difference of 50 degrees Celsius.
It was hard to balance myself during the flight.
I became nauseous.
I had a headache too,
and I kept laughing because it was so hard.
- You had to be focused. - Yes.
- And... - You had to smile all the time.
Yes, I had to smile all the time. It was really hard.
Was this harder than the interview?
(Falling silent)
- He's always having hardship. - Yes.
- Everything's hard. - Yes.
- Everything's hard nowadays. - Yes, nowadays...
It's always like this.
- They keep shooting extra scenes. - Myeong Soo wants to say something.
- No, I don't. - That's good. We need to watch now.
I had nothing in mind.
This is scary. There's no one outside.
Gosh, it's driving me crazy.
(He came out at 5am.)
Where am I going? I can't even see.
(5:30am, Sae Ho arrives at the mission location.)
He's arrived.
(He came to Yeouido Station before dawn.)
(What will happen in 1 hour?)
(Surprised)
- Were you acting? - No, I wasn't.
The car stopped abruptly.
- I think... - I have really big reactions.
- It's not acting. - You have big reactions?
I'm always like that.
- Sae Ho. - Yes?
Wear the blindfold in front of you,
and put the headphone on your ears.
- Have I arrived? - Yes.
(His eyesight and hearing needs to be blocked for security reasons.)
- The headset... - It was the scariest part.
- It's scary. - You can hear music, right?
(The door slides open.)
(He's surprised.)
(With his eyes and ears covered, he has a keen sense of touch.)
- What? - Hold my hand.
It's so cold. It's cold.
- It was a really cold day. - That day...
- It was the coldest day. - Gosh, the wind.
The real feel temperature was minus 20°C.
(In the cold front, the real feel temperature was minus 20°C.)
What? What is this?
Who's this? Who is this?
What's this?
(Tapping)
(Gosh)
- Take off your blindfold. - What?
Take off your blindfold.
(His mission location is revealed at last!)
(What will happen to Sae Ho in 1 hour?)
(Puzzled)
- We're in front of Yeouido Station. - Yeouido Station?
Hello, I'm Lee Gui Joo, a weather forecaster at MBC.
Hello.
- Happy new year. - Thank you.
Why am I here? Why?
In one hour,
you'll be reporting the weather forecast on live news...
- by yourself. - Me?
(I need to report the weather forecast right now?)
In an hour?
- Yes. - Gosh.
(Coughing)
(Do they think this is possible?)
We have an hour before the live broadcast.
- You need to prepare. - I need to go there?
I'm Cho Sae Ho, and I'm the weather forecaster today.
Today...
(1 hour before his debut as a weather forecaster)
Gosh, this is unbelievable.
Gosh.
(Panting)
A weather forecaster, out of nowhere?
A live broadcast is nerve-racking.
- He'd be so nervous. - It's not a recording. It's live.
Hello. It's so cold today.
- Hello, Sae Ho. - Hello.
I'm Hyun In Ah from the weather forecast team.
- Hyun In Ah Caster! - I'm Cho Sae Ho.
- Today... - It's been a while.
(Representing the MBC weather forecasts,)
(she's the most famous weather forecaster in Korea.)
- Hello, I'm Cho Sae Ho. - As you've heard before,
you'll be filling in as the weather forecaster...
three times today.
- 3 times? - 3 times.
It will take about 1 minute to 1 minute and 30 seconds each.
It'll be broadcast live, and you can't shoot them again.
(News Today Weather Forecast, 6:48am, 7:18am, 7:30am)
(He'll be in charge of 3 reports out of 7 in total.)
(6:48am, 7:18am, 7:30am)
What do I need to say?
- You'll have to come up with it. - Me?
Yes, you'll have to think of what it'd feel like to the citizens.
- Yes. - Describe the weather you feel.
You need to express it clearly.
(At the same time, in the news center...)
(It's 5 minutes before broadcasting, and they're all tense.)
(Live news broadcast has more pressure...)
(because even a little mistake can become a big one.)
(Cho Sae Ho will be on the news!)
- The real feel... - It'll be lower.
- The real feel... - It'll be near minus 20°C.
I can't show that I'm cold, right?
- That's part of the news. - Really? Okay.
It was the coldest day of the year.
I was cold too, but Reporter Lee was outdoors the whole time too.
She needs to prepare at 3am to be ready for all that.
Later,
- this is the monitor for the show. - Yes.
At 6:20am,
they'll broadcast for five minutes.
- There'll be 4 to 5 news updates. - I'll check the audio...
and the cameras.
I'll check the audio for Reporter Go Ah Young.
I'll check Camera 2. Can you hear us, Gui Joo?
- Yes, I can hear you. - Standby.
- It's 6am. - Start.
(On Air)
- It's starting. - Yes.
- The title is coming out. - Yes.
(MBC News Today)
I stood next to her...
- and watched. - You watched her report the news.
(Headline News)
It's the coldest day this winter.
It's the coldest day. The arctic cold front has come.
That's the first news.
The melting snow has made the roads icy.
You must be careful on your way to work.
We'll be connecting to the outdoor broadcast van in Yeouido Station.
Reporter Lee Gui Joo, you look cold.
This morning, the cold front has hit at its worst.
You need to keep in mind that it's really cold today,
and wrap yourself up with warm clothes.
It's snowing at Ulleungdo Island and Dokdo Island.
- It will slowly stop... - It's on the screen.
- during the course of the day. - Look at number 77 over there.
- You need to do that too. - Yes.
- This was the weather for today. - Cut to the anchors.
(The screen changes to the news center.)
- It's done. - Yes.
- See that? - Well done.
- Thank you. - There were four categories.
- Is she done? - Next, it's your turn.
- Really? - You need to get changed first.
It's so cold.
I don't know what's going on.
Yes.
(He changes 15 minutes before the live broadcast.)
(Meanwhile, in the outdoor broadcast van,)
(they see that Sae Ho hasn't arrived at the location yet...)
He needs to hurry up. There's no time.
You should hurry up. We need to practice three times.
Hello, it's Cho Sae Ho, your weather forecaster for today.
I'll tell you about the weather today. Currently,
I'm standing in front of Yeouido Station.
Good morning. Good morning?
I'd like to greet you on this cold day.
Tell Sae Ho to put on his in-ear headphones.
Hello, I'm... Gosh, it's cold.
- Gosh, you look cold. - It was really cold.
- Your toes must have hurt. - Yes, my toes and fingers hurt.
(Sae Ho stands in front of the camera while shivering.)
Yes, thank you.
- Gosh. - Do you prefer right or left?
I prefer... Right?
(I don't prefer any side at all.)
On this typically cold weather, I'd like to greet you as the...
- Did you have a runny nose? - I did, and...
I could see my breath too.
I'm Cho Sae Ho.
Today is the coldest day of the year.
Sae Ho, can you hear us?
Yes, I am hearing.
You are hearing?
- You should say, "I can hear you." - Yes.
But I was a little nervous then.
Yes, I am hearing.
Do you see the mic in front of you? Hold it up.
Hold the mic so that the blue side...
is in the front.
- Cho Sae Ho. Cho Sae Ho. - You must mention that it's 15ºC,
- You need to go right, and... - and the real feel is minus 20ºC.
You must also say that it's the coldest day today.
- In Seoul it's minus 15°C. - Cho Sae Ho...
- Yes. - This is the news center.
Can you hear us? We're checking your audio.
- Yes. - Can you hear us?
- Yes. - The anchor will call you soon.
- You don't need to overdo it. - Standby.
(This is how weather forecasters work.)
(Embarrassed)
There are people talking to me into my ears...
- and next to me. - Everyone's talking simultaneously.
- And I had to memorize them. - You must have been lost.
There's been a cold front warning all over the country.
- And a cold front watch for Seoul. - Yes.
There's been a cold front warning all over the country,
and I'm Cho Sae Ho, your weather forecaster today.
- It's minus 15ºC in Seoul. - Yes.
The real feel temperature is minus 20°C.
We can see from looking at your face that it's cold.
There's too much makeup on your chin.
- It's because of the cold. - It's frozen.
- You're only white in the middle. - The other parts are not.
It's like a mask.
(The cold has made him a mask with two chins.)
- You just need to go like that. - Yes.
- Cho Sae Ho. - Yes?
- At about 6:47 or 6:48am, - Yes?
the anchor will call you from the studio.
- Yes. - When he does, talk to him.
- Yes. - After that,
you can report the weather forecast.
- All right. But can I smile? - Yes.
- Do as you want. - All right. Yes.
Hello. Wait, can I say "Hello?"
- Like... - Yes, you can.
Hello. There's been a cold front warning all over the country.
Sae Ho, there's 3 minutes to go. 3 minutes.
- Gosh. - Gosh, three minutes? What's this?
- There three minutes left? - Yes. It happened so fast.
- What's going on? - It starts at 6:48am.
Get a hold of yourself.
Sae Ho, clear your head, and try it out until the end.
I know it's a little too sudden,
but I'm Reporter Cho Sae Ho, reporting from Yeouido Station.
Today, there's been a cold front warning.
I'm sure you all feel cold today.
From the afternoon, the temperature will go up,
so don't worry...
- It won't go up. - it won't?
No.
It'll be cold all day.
Okay, I got it.
It'll be very cold today.
30 seconds, Sae Ho.
Get ready.
There are 30 seconds left.
- You must be so nervous. - Standby.
- Today's weather... - Stop practicing, Sae Ho.
Stop practicing. Standby.
- Okay. - Look at the camera.
25,000...
I'm nervous. I can do this.
(Shivering)
If you get confused, say "That was today's weather."
(That's his secret strategy.)
My hands are getting sweaty.
The news is almost done. Standby.
I'm nervous.
Why am I nervous?
Me too. The directors are nervous.
(Cold front warning)
(Minus 15°C in Seoul)
(If he gets blanked out, it's "That was today's weather.")
I'm nervous for him. It's live.
My gosh.
It's MBC News.
Cut to the anchor.
It'll go as low as minus 15°C. It's the coldest so far.
(Shivering)
(They can't breathe right now.)
- He's nervous. - We have Reporter Cho Sae Ho.
- I'm so nervous. - Switch the screen.
We have Reporter Cho Sae Ho.
Hello, Sae Ho.
Nice to meet you. I'm weather forecaster, Cho Sae Ho.
He's trying to look relaxed.
I'm weather forecaster, Cho Sae Ho.
- You look cold. - Happy new year.
(He interrupts the anchor.)
(Goodness)
- Yes, it's cold. - He should have listened.
(The anchor doesn't panic.)
How did you become a weather forecaster on such a cold day?
(He can't hide his breath.)
I thought it'll be meaningful to deliver the weather on a cold day,
so I came here with no hesitation.
Today is very cold.
My ears are very cold right now.
You're saying "very" many times.
As you see behind me, many people are going to work.
Reflecting today's weather,
they're wearing thick jackets going to work.
- Yes. - Yes.
(They both say "yes".)
And...
Are they copying each other?
No...
- Yes. - And...
the coldest weather...
Let's pass Sae Ho.
"Let's pass Sae Ho"?
There are no questions.
The coldest weather is in Hoengseong with minus 24°C.
It's 19.2°C in Paju, and 11.8°C in Jeonju.
The cold weather has reached its peak.
Standby. Switch the camera.
Today is especially cold,
so please welcome your family members warmly...
when they come home from work.
Please say something warm...
(It's a sensitive weather forecast.)
That's irrelevant.
(He's straight forward.)
- Nobody told you that, right? - It's unnecessary.
I thought I was doing well. They said everybody liked it.
I think you'll feel your family's warmth.
Have a great day. That was today's weather.
End it.
- Start. - That was today's weather.
(The screen switches over.)
- Gosh. - It's hard to remember, right?
I thought he was going to ask me questions, but he didn't.
Did I do okay?
Well...
You didn't say anything about cold weather alert. You missed Seoul.
You have to say it in the next one. It's minus 15°C in Seoul.
- We practiced. - He missed something.
The cold front warning is the most important part.
He missed that?
You have to talk about the weather.
You didn't talk enough about it. It has to be in your head.
Was that a broadcasting accident?
- No. - No.
People look up the weather before going to work.
- Right. - Your biggest mistake was...
not saying "minus" when you talked about the temperatures.
You just said "15°C".
People went outside wearing t-shirts.
- Really? - They're suing you.
- You need to prepare. - Didn't you compliment him?
- You need 30 million dollars. - Se Hyeong.
Do I have to change?
(Shivering)
(He'll be going live again in 30 minutes.)
Is it live the whole time?
Yes, that's right.
I shouldn't put on dress shoes today.
It's MBC News.
Start. Let's go with camera 2 and 4.
Let's check Gui Joo's audio.
(Everybody is busy on set.)
(He's busy as well.)
This is so hectic.
- That's the top. - Okay.
"Hello, I'm your weather forecaster today, Cho Sae Ho."
(Thinking)
Why am I changing? What is this costume for?
Do I just do it?
I'm a weather forecaster. Why am I wearing a costume?
We had to get ready fast, so I didn't know what was going on.
- You didn't? - We had get ready.
Are you gluing something on?
You're going to be Yi Sun Shin.
- Admiral Yi Sun Shin? - Yes.
(Do you have to dress as Yi Sun Shin for the winter?)
(He practices his lines.)
I'm going to be Admiral Yi Sun Shin.
Was it winter when he went to war?
Japanese invasion.
Put on the small grains.
What are you putting on?
What's this?
(Dabbing)
I don't think this is Admiral Yi Sun Shin.
You'll be Jack Frost.
Jack Frost? It's not Admiral Yi Sun Shin.
It's kind of like him.
Right.
"I became Jack Frost to express today's weather."
"That is it for today."
Ouch, that hurts.
He looks like Justice Pao.
Me? I see.
I never imagined I'd be wearing this in the morning.
Please dress warmly...
Screen out.
(The news continues on the cold front warning.)
Ms. Lee Gui Joo?
What are we going to do with Sae Ho's part?
Excuse me.
He didn't say anything about the temperature.
Let's just give up.
Once you stand there, you blank out.
I hope there is some coaching...
on site.
Sae Ho.
- Yes? - How was it?
I think I didn't...
- deliver the right information. - That's true.
I feel bad for not mentioning the weather in Seoul.
"Today's weather in Seoul is minus 15°C."
"The real feel temperature is as low as minus 20°C."
"The cold weather..."
Why can't I conclude?
Because it's cold.
"It is very cold today."
It's good to get help.
"The cold weather might give you some trouble."
The anchor will ask you something.
We don't know the questions, right?
- They'll tell us. - Okay.
Once he asks a question, there's a two-second delay.
I was waiting for him, and he didn't say anything.
That was the two second. You didn't wait and said something.
So you have to wait.
Are important people mad?
- No. - That's a relief.
It wouldn't affect my future, right?
No, you'll be fine.
He's used to going from place to place.
- I have to be self-conscious. - That's right.
On standby. Let's put the mikes on.
- It's MBC News. - Cut to the anchor.
The Minister of Justice...
Sae Ho needs to get ready.
He looks like a lazy general in the Joseon Dynasty era.
I am a general who froze while sleeping.
What's going on?
(Rushing)
(He gets into position.)
It's 15.1°C, right?
They're asking to have it repealed.
(He sees Sae Ho on the screen.)
(Giggling)
- He's cracking up. - I am shocked.
(He feels pressured.)
(Everyone is laughing.)
The general is here.
The virtual currency...
I laughed so much.
It suits Sae Ho very well.
It was so funny.
- The jeans? - It's real.
(It was soaked 30 minutes ago.)
It would freeze...
when you lay it out.
(It froze quickly.)
- It's frozen pants. - That's unbelievable.
Should I put gloves on or not?
Jack Frost...
Thank you. Thank you so much.
(He's high maintenance.)
What's going on?
- It looks cold. - It was so cold.
This is unbelievable.
They told me to come in the morning.
(He's in the middle of Yeouido.)
They told me...
to come at 5am.
He's in Yeouido Station.
I slept for an hour.
- 10 minutes. - There's 1 more.
It's coming to an end. Standby.
What is the temperature in Seoul?
- It's 15°C. It's minus 15°C. - Right.
There's a cold front warning all over the country.
Please emphasize that today is the coldest day of the year.
He looks so cool.
- You can't answer for too long. - Okay.
(He must mention the jeans and answer questions.)
Can you zoom out a bit?
You have one minute left, Sae Ho.
(Let's not make the same mistakes again.)
(Please be considerate.)
- He's cute. - My feet are frozen.
Take your feet...
(Falling)
- It's good that wasn't live. - It fell over.
Standby. Standby!
(He left the screen suddenly.)
(That was close.)
My gosh.
(He quickly goes to his spot.)
(Swallowing)
He must be nervous, right?
- Standby. - Of course.
- That's always nerve-racking. - It is.
Recently, a cold front has come, and the whole country is frozen.
As you have seen,
a special weather forecaster has joined us today.
Cho Sae Ho is waiting for us in front of Yeouido Station.
Let's call for him again.
Sae Ho, you look colder than you did before.
(1 second, 2 seconds, go)
The weather has gotten colder than before.
Hello, I'm today's weather forecaster, Cho Sae Ho.
I'm sure many of you are surprised...
by my costume.
I am trying to express today's weather through my costume.
I dressed as Jack Frost...
- to show the weather today. - He's very good.
- Right here. - You're better than before.
The weather has gotten colder,
and the real feel temperature is at minus 20°C.
I'm sure you've seen a lot of weather forecasts before.
- How do you feel since you're... - Yes.
giving the forecast today?
(1 second, 2 seconds)
- Now, he knows. - I think this is a hard job.
To come out in this cold weather...
so that they can tell many people the weather...
is not an easy task.
I always heard the weather...
comfortably at home,
but now that I'm here,
I realized how hard the forecasters work to tell us the weather.
I was able to experience the effort put into their work.
Please give us the weather forecast now.
I will tell you once again.
At the moment, there has been a warning for the cold front.
The weather in Seoul is minus 15°C,
and the real feel temperature is at minus 20°C.
I brought a prop with me today.
If you look, this is a pair of jeans.
About 30 minutes ago,
I put a pair of wet jeans outside.
But it has frozen like this.
- These jeans show... - How much are they?
- how cold the weather is... - How much are they?
- with me, Jack Frost. - How much are the frozen jeans?
- As you can see here. - I feel cold just looking at that.
Everyone, please make sure to dress warmly today.
I would like to suggest that you send your friends...
a warm-hearted text message...
asking if they're doing well.
This was today's weather forecast.
Goodness, he did a good job.
(Great job.)
- He did a great job. - He really did.
This was today's weather forecast.
Start!
Camera three, please standby.
He did a great job.
He did a very great job.
- This was today's weather forecast. - You're right. It was better.
He's getting complimented.
- Sae Ho, you did a great job. - It's so cold.
In 10 minutes, you'll go back on air.
This is your last broadcast.
You'll ask people how they feel about the cold weather.
- "Let me interview some people." - Exactly.
There's nothing we can do if they won't agree to interview.
Okay. We're going to capture it realistically.
(The weather forecast timetable for "News Today")
(Sae Ho is on air at 6:48am, 7:18am, and 7:30am.)
The iconic scene...
- will come out now, right? - Yes, you're right.
Many people are coming out of the subway station...
to go to work.
They are all coming out of the station, right?
How many people should I interview?
- I just need to... - 1 or 2 people?
- You can interview 1 or 2 people. - Then I should...
- He should interview two people. - Yes.
- Can you hear me, Sae Ho? - Yes, I can.
Don't turn your back on the camera.
- I'll go like this. - Yes, exactly.
(Don't worry, I'll go like this.)
Hello.
I'll go in this direction.
Then I'll bring them over here.
Yes, that's great.
Since he did it once,
he's gotten a lot more confident.
- He's confident. - Up until now,
he's been showing a very professional side of himself.
I am getting the hang of it now.
It's three minutes before the live broadcast.
(He is suddenly on the streets of Yeouido.)
What should we do?
(He greets Jack Frost with a runny nose.)
He's cute.
(The news broadcast is coming to an end.)
- That's coming out! - What?
- What is that? - Goodness.
- Did you go there? - Oh, my goodness.
(Jae Seok suddenly gets angry while watching the news.)
(Please check out the reason next week.)
I'm Yoo Na Eun of MBC news.
Cut to the anchor.
The weather in Seoul today is at a low of minus 15°C.
Please be ready.
(It's 10 seconds to the live broadcast.)
This time, the female and male anchors are both on.
- Okay. - Both of them are on this time.
Today, Comedian Cho Sae Ho, has joined us as our weather forecaster.
- Shall we call on him again? - Yes.
He's outside at Yeouido Station. Se Ho, are you there?
(He moves slowly to the center.)
Yes, I am.
How can they look at him without laughing?
- That's what I'm saying. - I'm here in Yeouido.
- I'm today's weather forecaster. - It's incredible that they aren't.
Currently, I'm standing outside waiting to interview...
the many people who are on their way...
to work.
Before you tell us the weather,
you recently joined "Infinite Challenge".
- How do you feel? - She suddenly asked me that.
You didn't know she would ask that?
No, I didn't know.
Personally, I'm very happy about it.
- I really wanted to join... - Your lips are frozen.
- the show. - My lips were completely frozen.
I feel like "Infinite Challenge" is my program.
As a result,
I feel happy and glad about it.
If I think about that, I don't feel cold at all.
I compared it to the weather.
- Goodness. - Up until now, the mood is great.
They're laughing about it.
Lastly, please interview the commuters and tell us the weather.
Many people are on their way to work to start their day.
Do you have time for an interview?
Many people are busy starting their day.
Are you...
Are you available for an interview?
(He has his back turned to the camera.)
May I interview you, sir?
They told him not to turn his back to the camera.
No one would get interviewed by someone dressed like that.
(Your face must come out, Sae Ho!)
Are you available for an interview?
The weather is very cold.
Many people are walking quickly to their destination.
(I am saying things to continue the flow.)
Are you available for an interview?
Hello.
Are you available for a short interview?
They see him, but...
- They're embarrassed. - That's right.
Perhaps it's because I'm dressed like this,
many people...
are confused as to who I am.
- "Confused". - I'll try to interview someone.
"Confused".
(What is with his confidence?)
You have to grab them for an interview.
He must have been shocked.
Hello. Are you available for a short interview?
(The people are cold towards Sae Ho.)
Hello.
Are you available for a short interview?
(The interviewer in front of Yeouido Station exit 5 needs attention.)
(Please have an interview with him.)
Have a nice day.
(He says nice things to them.)
At this point,
I think that the only thing I can do...
is wish the commuters a good day.
But I will try a little bit more.
Can I interview...
Have a nice day.
(It's the miracle of Jack Frost.)
(The sea of people divide in 2 in front of Se Ho.)
Hello.
- Have a nice day. - He's just saying hi to people.
May I interview you briefly?
Have a nice day.
(No, I can't watch this anymore.)
Sae Ho?
Yes?
- The commuters are so busy. - Yes, they are.
- I think an interview will be hard. - Yes.
Yes, you're correct.
- It's colder than other days, - "Yes, you're correct."
so it seems like they are in a hurry...
to get to their warm offices.
We'll go over to the anchors for the closing comments.
They say that the weather will get warmer on the day after tomorrow.
Please be patient until then.
There has been a cold front warning for the entire country.
He does everything he needs to.
(His comments about the weather are sensible.)
The weather in Seoul is minus 15.1°C.
The real feel temperature is...
(Goodness.)
It is close to minus 20°C.
Please dress warmly,
and have a warm-hearted day.
I am Cho Sae Ho for the weather.
Cut to the anchors.
- It ended well though. - Okay.
Sae Ho matched the time perfectly.
Sae Ho finished his comments perfectly.
(He successfully ended the live broadcast in time.)
- Thank you, Sae Ho. - He's good.
(He was very desperate to succeed.)
- You did great today. - Good job, everyone.
Thank you.
Is it okay that I couldn't interview anyone?
(At least it ended well.)
My feet are so cold.
I heard that...
many people were getting ready for work like any other day.
But when they turned on the TV to watch the weather,
he made everyone laugh so hard.
- So many people had a good day. - They were happy.
They all thanked him in the comments.
In a way, I'm grateful to them.
Earlier, while watching the news, I was very surprised.
- I don't know who sent me, but... - You went, didn't you?
(What on earth happened to him?)
- In front of me... - Really?
(Next week)
Should I take it off?
Goodness, what is this?
You know I'm afraid of heights.
We have two hours left, so you must hurry.
(This is for Jae Seok, who is afraid of heights.)
(It is an intense situation for him.)
(Is this a surprise fan meeting for Jun Ha?)
(No, it isn't.)
(It's a gift that will wake him up. It's a marathon.)
(He must run the Han River Marathon.)
(Finally, it's a special resolution for Myeong Soo.)
(He is re-enlisting into the army.)
(Congratulations on making rank.)
(He has a fancy welcoming for himself.)
(It's a training situation that's very similar to real life.)
(It's the ultimate 1 hour before.)
(1 Hour Before)